Experiment name: Triangulating Consciousness - Inattentional Blindness.
Experiment date: April 2021
Experimenter in charge (name): Adi Sarig
Experimenter in charge (email): adisarig105@gmal.com
About: Images of faces and houses are displayed to the subjects while they are engaged with a different task. The distracting task requires noticing whether out of four cut-in-half circles, one is oriented to a different direction. Both are displayed at the same time for a 100 ms followed by a fixation dot during which responses are collected.
There are 3 different phases followed by a questionnaire regarding the displayed stimuli. Phase 1 and 2 are as described above. However, in phase 3 subjects are required to answer regarding the displayed images.


Running the experiment:
Make sure the screen refresh rate is on 120 Hz.
Run the 'Main' function, fill in the subject's data and notes if any. After clicking OK the experiment will start running. There is no need to activly run anything afterward, it continues automatically.

Experiment procedure:
1. Practice block of 72 trials.
2. First phase, including 5 blocks of 72 trials each. Self paced break after each block. After the last block the subject will be instructed to call the researcher so that an explanation about the following questionnaire can be provided.
3. Post phase questionnaire - including 6 questions about the stimuli displayed in the previous phase. Confidance and frequency ratings should be done using the number keys above the letters (not the ones on the right side).
4. Phase 2 - same as phase 1.
5. Post phase questionnaire - instruct the subjects to answer regarding the second phase.
6. Phase 3 - The same stimuli are displayed only now the subjects are instructed to answe regarding the faces and houses and not the cut-in-half circles.
7. Post phase questionnaire - instruct the subjects to answer regarding the third phase.

After the experiment is over:
The data should be saved automatically. Make sure it is in the 'data' folder in the correct format and subject number.
